# hello-world
The Union App description
Hey Hey! I'm Andrew Miller and I am super excited to propose this open source project and connect with other talented folks that understand the impact this app could have on the world. I really feel that this apps systems approach model could be very disruptive in all the best ways possible to help nudge the old destructive economy and force positive change by eliminating poverty. 

For me, I feel this project is the most revolutionary action I can take that would effect the most global change as quickly as possible. I decided this after spending this past year building our off grid home on our farm here on the Bruce Peninsula in Ontario, Canada. This project melds my needs as a father/farmer/carpenter/artist/social/environmental activist and I feel it will help inner city folks equally as a way to reduce poverty and increase public health. 

This project is to develop an App incorporating many of the things I already use in my day to day life but to automate the transactions for ease of use and to help scale to a worldwide level. It incorporates a barter network for exchanging goods with value without money, a time bank for exchanging hours of your time for hours of other people's time, a tool share component for efficient local use of items without everyone having to own everything (encouraging creativity and empowering artists as well), a transportation link with Uber or Lyft that allows people to get out of cities and get involved in growing food while also acting as transportation of food back into cities, a cryptocurrency local marketplace, a pension/savings plan for people's retirement, and an open source local governance system that is block chain backed and corruption proof including a voting platform that is impossible to bend to any special interests. Phew, not a small vision but I believe it is all possible with our current level of technological understanding.

However we chose to monetize this app, either advertising driven or including a small service fee on transactions, lets put that money into local food and manufacturing hubs implementing the latest tools and technology for production. I would love to see our farm be just such a site, say using wind and solar energy to power 3D printing of buildings and parts for growing food year round, manufacturing tools and machines to help automate different processes. All while reducing the overall cost of food year after year, eventually making it abundant, then doing the same for electricity, housing, water, clothing, etc. Eventually I understand the input costs required for most 3D printers will be so low that most thing will be abundant anyways, this may be one idea on how we could get there earlier. I would like to film this proces as much as possible to share our findings witht he world. 

Another needed component to plug in that excited me was inspired by the influence I have from my love for hip-hop music and hip-hop culture. There is a very famous podcast called Drink Champs with Nore and DJ EFN. This is the number one hip-hop podcast and they introduced the idea of the hip-hop union similar to the Screen Actors Guild or other unions. Their main concern was taking care of the pioneers of the culture who didn't financially benefit while also planning for the future of the current musicians with perhaps a 1% of sales contribution from each artist. There is support for this idea and it inspired me to make my first YouTube videos talking about the Union app, you can see those at https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYLDXFxYB8ZLLSCbwQo7LEg . 

I am hopeful to connect with folks who understand this systems approach concept and could perhaps help me in connecting the dots and or plugging in with a team to make it happen as I realize the skills I have in completing this app software is limited. I am reaching out to you in hopes of furthering this cause. I feel that an open source, collaborative, distributed, blockchain approach is best. I am really looking forward to speaking with you and connecting to discuss this in a deeper way as the idea is developing.

All the best, 
Andrew Miller
ogoffgrid@gmail.com

